
	Adding Characters to the Scene
	- - -
	The code written for this demo automatically scans 
	for characters on the field and adds them to the UI,
	as long as they have the proper scripts attached
	and the steps below are followed.

	(Ignore the health bars for the player characters
	 right now, they still haven't been properly
	 implemented.)
	- - -


1a.	If you are adding a player character to the field,

	From the Scripts folder in the Project window, 
	drag the script called HeroStateMachine to the 
	character's Inspector window.
	
	After that, from the Assets folder in the Project
	window, drag a Selector prefab into the Hierarchy 
	window underneath the character as a child. 

	Go to the Selector's Inspector window and make 
	sure that the box next to the Selector's name is 
	unchecked; this will make it so that it stays 
	invisible until it's that character's turn.

	Make sure that the tag underneath the character's 
	name in the Inspector window is set to "Hero".

	In the Inspector window for the player character,
	scroll down to where it says 
	Hero State Machine (Script). From the Hierarchy 
	window, drag the character's Selector to where it 
	says Selector in the script. 

	If a Selector hasn't been attached, it should say
	"None (Game Object)".
	


1b.	If adding an enemy character,

	From the Scripts folder in the Project window, 
	drag the script called EnemyStateMachine to the 
	character's Inspector window.

	In the Inspector window for the enemy character, 
	make sure that the tag underneath the character's 
	name is set to "Enemy".

	In the Inspector window for the enemy character,
	scroll down to where it says 
	Enemy State Machine (Script). Fill in the Name so 
	that it exactly matches the character's name in the 
	Inspector and Hierarchy windows.
	


2.	Step 2 applies to both enemies 
	and player characters.

	[In the Hierarchy window, make sure	
	[that no two characters have exactly	]
	[the same name, even if they are of	]
	[the same type.			]

	After adding the scripts, scroll down the 
	character's Inspector window to the 
	State Machine script.
	
	The characters take their turns based on 
	the Priority value in the State Machine scripts, 
	so that needs to be
	filled in as well.

	* The Main character's Priority should always be 0.
	
	* We're going with a maximum party size of 
	  5 right now, so party members' Priorty should be 
	  set from 2 - 5.

	* Enemies' Priority should start from 11+.

	[Make sure that no two characters have 	]
	[the same priority.			]


